Added `prefix_exact` filter and updated REST API filter documentation. (#8375)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/apps/api/models/queryset.md

!!! tip
    One concept to consider is that QuerySet's have `.filter()` and `.exclude()` methods, while a FilterSet will have a `__ic` and `__nic` param to allow you in a single API call articulate what would take multiple methods in a QuerySet.

Example:
```python
class DeviceFilterSet(
    NautobotFilterSet,
):
    manufacturer = NaturalKeyOrPKMultipleChoiceFilter(
        field_name="device_type__manufacturer",
        queryset=Manufacturer.objects.all(),
        to_field_name="name",
        label="Manufacturer (name or ID)",
    )

# Usage
filtered_qs = DeviceFilter({'manufacturer': 'Cisco'}, queryset=Device.objects.all()).qs
```

- **QuerySet**: Represents a database query built from a model; provides methods to construct and execute queries.
- **FilterSet**: Defines a set of filters (often for user input) and applies them to a QuerySet; enables advanced filtering logic and validation.

In Nautobot, FilterSets are used to expose flexible and powerful filtering capabilities in the REST API, while QuerySets remain the foundation for all database queries.

> To provide concrete examples, note that these queryset's and FiltersSets result in the same queryset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide concrete examples, note that these QuerySet and FilterSet calls result in the same final QuerySet.
```

- `net_contains_or_equals` - Given a network, determine which networks contain or is the provided network e.g. `network__net_contains="192.168.0.0/16"` would include 192.0.0.0/8 and 192.168.0.0/16 in the result
- `net_equals` - Given a network, determine which which networks are an exact match. e.g. `network__net_equals="192.168.0.0/16"` would include only 192.168.0.0/16 in the result
- `net_host` - Determine which networks are parent of the provided IP, e.g. `host__net_host="10.0.0.1"` would include 10.0.0.1/32 and 10.0.0.0/24 in the result
- `net_host_contained` - Given a network, select IPs whose host address (regardless of its subnet mask) falls within that network , e.g. `host__net_host_contained="10.0.0.0/24"` would include hosts 10.0.0.1/8 and 10.0.0.254/32 in the result
- `net_in` - Given a list of networks, select addresses (regardless of their subnet masks) within those networks, e.g. `host__net_in=["10.0.0.0/24", "2001:db8::/64"]` would include hosts 10.0.0.1/16 and 2001:db8::1/65 in the result
- `family` - Given an IP address family of 4 or 6, provide hosts or networks that are that IP version type, e.g. `host__family=6` would include 2001:db8::1 in the result

> > Note: The fields denoted with `**` are only supported in the MySQL dialect (and not Postgresql) at the current time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The fields denoted with `**` are only supported in the MySQL dialect (and not PostgreSQL) at the current time.
```
